---
keywords: fastai
description: Vocab from past notes.
title: Vocab
toc: true 
badges: true
comments: true
nb_path: _notebooks/2022-12-06-vocab.ipynb
layout: notebook
---

<!--
#################################################
### THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! ###
#################################################
# file to edit: _notebooks/2022-12-06-vocab.ipynb
-->

<div class="container" id="notebook-container">
        
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h1 id="Sections-1-2">Sections 1-2<a class="anchor-link" href="#Sections-1-2"> </a></h1><ul>
<li>To define a variable type the name of the variable and use the ‘=’ symbol which defines the variable.
After defining a list, many functions can be performed using it.</li>
<li>You can interchange variables by replacing the value of the variable to another variable.</li>
<li>Data Abstraction seperates the qualities of a data type and the concrete details of its representation.
AP exam starts index value from 1 and not 0 (like Python).</li>
<li>if: allows for conditional execution of a statement or group of statements based on the value of an expression.</li>
<li>elif: In Python, elif is short for "else if" and is used when the first if statement isn't true, but you want to check for another condition.</li>
<li>boolean: denoting a system of algebraic notation used to represent logical propositions, especially in computing and electronics.</li>
</ul>

</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h1 id="Sections-3-4">Sections 3-4<a class="anchor-link" href="#Sections-3-4"> </a></h1><ul>
<li>Index is a number representing a position, like a character's position in a string or a string's position in a list.</li>
<li>Index is a number representing a position, like a character's position in a string or a string's position in a list.</li>
<li>Concatenation is when you combine 2 strings. Length is the amount of characters in a string. A substring is a part of a string.</li>
<li>Pseudocode is writing out a program in plain language with keywords that are used to refer to common coding concepts.</li>
<li>The Python for statement iterates over the members of a sequence in order, executing the block each time.</li>
<li>The symbol for exponent is **</li>
<li>The symbol for addition is +</li>
<li>The symbol for subtraction is -</li>
<li>The symbol for multiplication is *</li>
<li>The symbol for division is /</li>
<li>The symbol for modulus is %</li>
</ul>

</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h1 id="Sections-7-8">Sections 7-8<a class="anchor-link" href="#Sections-7-8"> </a></h1><ul>
<li>In Python, you can use a list function which creates a collection that can be manipulated for your analysis. This collection of data is called a list object.</li>
<li>len(list): It gives the total length of the list.</li>
<li>list(seq): Converts a tuple into a list.</li>
<li>append: adds elements.</li>
<li>iteration: helps move around in a list and pinpoint specific values.</li>
<li>remove: removes the specific value.</li>
<li>indexes are specific positions in a list.</li>
<li>aList[i]= assesses syntax, .remove removes element, .append adds element.</li>
<li>You can loop through the list items by using a while loop.</li>
<li>A 2D array is an array of arrays that can be represented in matrix form, like rows and columns.</li>
</ul>

</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h2 id="Sections-9-11">Sections 9-11<a class="anchor-link" href="#Sections-9-11"> </a></h2><ul>
<li>An algorithm is a set of actions that are taken to achieve a certain result. There are many algorithms that can be used to achieve a certain result.</li>
<li>Algorithms can be written in different ways and still accomplish the same tasks. </li>
<li>Algorithms that look similar often yield differnet outputs. To solve the same problem, many different algorithms can be used.</li>
<li>Perameter: a numerical or other measurable factor forming one of a set that defines a system or sets the conditions of its operation.</li>
</ul>

</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h1 id="Sections">Sections<a class="anchor-link" href="#Sections"> </a></h1>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
 

