---
toc: true
layout: post
description: Big Idea 5.5 Legal and Ethnical Concerns 
categories: [markdown]
title: Big Idea 5.5 Legal and Ethnical Concerns 
---

## Big Idea 5.5 Legal and Ethnical Concerns 

MIT License: Involves closed sources and the Github project can be private.
Open Source GPL License: People can do anything they want except distributing closed source versions. Github project is public, can people can be sued or forced to reveal their code if they use open source license.
Summary:
Based on the discussions, it seems that MIT License is the best choice if you want your code to be private. You can also get credit with MIT License. There has been times where people have been sued or forced to reveal their code because they had a open source license.
My team and I decided to use the MIT License for both frontend and backend team repositories. We decided to use MIT License because it is short, simple, and private, so then we can make sure that people won’t copy off of our code.


## Big Idea 5.6 Computing

 Some PII I have seen on my CPT project are the username, and user history for accessing the games.
I believe that some aspects of PII are needed to make certain functions on websites or organizations to work. However, PII should only be used to a limited extent, since bank accounts and social security numbers are usually not needed and can be threatening to one’s financial situation if leaked. If some PII are not needed, then it certainly shouldn’t be asked for. I believe that my personal exposure is more on the secretive or defensive side. When I sign up on most websites, I usually enter a fake birthday or name in order to hide my identity for security reasons.
A good password is a very long and randomized password with a different variety of characters. A bad password is one that has an obvious pattern or is not unique, like 1234. Another step for authentication could be to use a finger print scanner, face scanner, or eye scanner(biometric things)
Symmetric encryption is where only one secret key is used to encrypt and decrypt info. Asymmetric cryptography uses one public key and one private key to encrypt and decrypt a message and protect it from unauthorized access.
The use of certbot to make our website secure is an example of encryption.
I have never fallen for a phishing scheme, but I was very close to falling for one. One time, I was randomly taken to a McAfee website(An antivirus software) that said I had viruses on my computer and it had a huge button saying something like “eliminate all viruses.” I nearly clicked it until my parents told me not to. I looked at the URL and later noticed that it was completely different from McAfee’s official website, so I realized that it was a phishing scheme. Some other possible phishing techniques are alarming messages saying that your bank account has been compromised, and that there is a button below which fixes the problem. The button will probably install a virus onto your computer.
